the expedition came out of black gold
passed by will know
who arrived north of the state
after 21 days of travel, the residents of guaiçuí bar
received the environmentalists who will participate in the expedition
rio das velha 2009
the teacher is very happy as part of the celebrations
a tribute to the traditional bar with ava for leaving nobody maranhense
which is of great historical importance to the riverside and
tourists and visitors
besides being a postcard of pirapora
and every region we are doing here a beautiful expedition
with the demand for the project I am not very good the support of the government of mines
of the environment secretariat of savings
of today
six years after the first explosion
We'll be able to celebrate.
water improvement
in the river of the series during the expedition several improvements
perceived by participants
it was very gratifying Brazil what is opium is coming back
starting Saturday night telling people this year
with this result was usual today tripoli dinner he believes in
However 2010 the downtown neighborhood
district of várzea da palma was chosen because it is an environmental
it is here that happened by the encounter of the river of the old ones with the river são francisco
the 2010 goal of the mine-structuring project is increasingly
next
the main and most visible evidence of quality improvement
donate
is the return of the country to the river many fishermen showed the fish as a
trophy
now propose options
much less water pollution, I also admire quite a lot.
a grace of nobody's bottles but this year in the river it came from the vein
coming back to breathe
to offer fish bringing quality of life back to the inhabitants of the
region